0. Submit a 3 minute video demonstrating their hack, to better assist with the judging process. These videos will go online.
1. Key thing to remember, the video cannot be longer than 3 minutes.
2. Some brief tips on how to make video:
a. Aim for brevity and clarity, the aim is to get your message across to the judges as quickly and clearly as you can.
b. You don’t need to have a detailed script but if you at least start with an outline to make sure you include all the key things:
  i. Introduce your team
  ii. Give the name of the team
  iii. The name of the hack
  iv. The name of each of the team members
  v. Show a photo of team or a brief video clip
  vi. You should tell us about your hack, what does it do, what does it aim to do
  vii. What data sets did you use
  viii. What technologies did you use
  ix. What programming languages
  x. Where did you host it
  xi. Any interesting technical features that highlight the technical expertise that went into your hack
c. If you have other key areas of expertise that went in such as user experience design, visual design or user research, or if you combined a number of disparate data sets, make sure you tell us about these as well.
d. Use a mix of screen shots, video and voiceover to show your hack.
3. Plan your demonstration.
4. Make sure you show each of the key features.
5. If you have missing features, describe what you would do next, tell us what is missing.
6. Explain the benefit or value of your hack.
7. Who does it benefit? Whose life does it make better? What value does it add to our society?
8. You might cover all of this in a voiceover that accompanies some screen shots or video demonstrating your hack.
9. Include some progress shots of how your hack progressed over the weekend. These can be photos you take, or screen grabs of the work in progress. If you have done lots of sketches and diagrams on a white board, photos of those are really interesting as well.
10. The main thing is to focus on the facts and a demonstration of what you have done.